Serverless RL fast-follow changes (#1700)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/training/serverless-rl/serverless-rl.md

Serverless RL is supported through [OpenPipe's ART framework](https://art.openpipe.ai/getting-started/about) and the [W&B Training API]({{< relref "ref/training" >}}). 

> To start using Serverless RL, satisfy the [prerequisites]({{< relref "guides/training/prerequisites.md" >}}) to use W&B tools, and then see the ART [quickstart](https://art.openpipe.ai/getting-started/quick-start) (or see the [Google Colab notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/openpipe/art-notebooks/blob/main/examples/2048/2048.ipynb)) for code examples and workflows. To learn about Serverless RL's API endpoints, see the [W&B Training API reference]({{< relref "ref/training" >}}).

Reviewer: This would be easier to read if it was a list , I suspect. Or this could be changed to a "Next steps" sort of section.
```suggestion
To start using Serverless RL, satisfy the [prerequisites]({{< relref "guides/training/prerequisites.md" >}}) to use W&B tools, and then go through the ART [quickstart](https://art.openpipe.ai/getting-started/quick-start).
- For code examples and workflows, see the [Google Colab notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/openpipe/art-notebooks/blob/main/examples/2048/2048.ipynb)).
- To learn about Serverless RL's API endpoints, see the [W&B Training API reference]({{< relref "ref/training" >}}).
```
